presenter in iframe demo (#25)
XvisionAS/FieldTwin-Integration-Demo: presenter-in-iframe/README.md

Reviewer: Need to add this demo into the table of contents in https://github.com/XvisionAS/FieldTwin-Integration-Demo/blob/master/README.md

# Presenter in an Iframe

> 

Reviewer: I think we should say here what Presenter is and how to get the URL for the iframe `src` (link to https://design.fieldtwin.com/abtgeneral/#view-links)

## Description

> An debugging tool that deploy an hard coded (fill `src` attribute of `iframe` with `id` `thisIframe` of  `index.html:60`) presenter link in an basic web page
> the "inverse" demo of the [events-tab](../events-tab/README.md) integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A debugging tool that embeds a hard coded project in a web page using FieldTwin Presenter and demonstrates how to post external messages to it. This can be considered as the "inverse" demo of the [events-tab](../events-tab/README.md) integration.

To set the project, fill the `src` attribute of `iframe` with `id` `thisIframe` at `index.html:60` with a View Link created in FieldTwin Design.
```

> the "inverse" demo of the [events-tab](../events-tab/README.md) integration.

Reviewer: It would be nice to add a screenshot of how it is supposed to look showing the effect of e.g. the focusOn button
